Online Education
    The online education market in India currently stands at USD 247  million and is estimated to witness an 8x growth over the next 5 years  to reach the USD 1.96 billion mark in 2021. This growth will be backed  by a phenomenal rise in the paid user base for online education in India, which is expected to grow from the current base of 1.57 million  users to 9.5 million users in 2021 at a CAGR of 44%.
The growth of online education in India will be driven by a combination  of demand, supply and macroeconomic drivers as indicated below.

Advantages:
	1. Online education will evolve the concept of continuous learning
	2. Adoption of online education to be driven across age groups by three kinds of  needs
	3. Employability – Need to stay relevant in the job market
	4. Social learning – Casual learning and social skill development Entrepreneurship

Disadvantages:
	1. Chances Of Distraction Are Very High
	2. Fraudulent Online Courses
	3. Cannot Do Courses That Require Labs/Workshops

Solution of Disadvantages:
1.Measurable Learning Objectives For Online Training:
  	Learning objectives focus on what an Student needs to do upon completion of their online training. It's actionable, which means that an action verb serves as a catalyst. Examples of action verbs are: define, explain, perform, and assemble. These are all terms that can be measured and assessed. At the other end of the spectrum, there are verbs like "understand" or "comprehend," which are vague and difficult, if not impossible, to track. Students  should be able to read the learning objective statement and immediately know what is expected of them and what they need to do to prove their proficiency.
2.Adaptive learner models to accommodate different learner needs:
  	Some learning objectives may include a number of different levels. However, it's best to break them into microlearning objectives to avoid confusion and help corporate learners focus on targeted goals.
3.Designing e-learning Courses For Different Generations:
  	Identify how students are going to measure the learning objectives before crafting  statement. Ideally, the method of assessment should be observable or evaluated by specific criteria. In some instances, Students may discover that their learning objectives aren't measurable because some online apps cannot properly assess them. This gives us the opportunity to revise Students  learning objective statements so that they can measure corporate learner proficiency and performance.
4. Transforming learning into Amazing e-learning Experiences.
        Our designed website makes students more attractive and it includes section like FUN STUFF which mainly concentrates on learning through Gaming makes them to feel free and also helps them in some subjects like Logical Reasoning and more over Game with education makes pupil focused and Healthy. 
5.Lack Of Learner Motivation And Engagement:
        Motivation is necessary and our app includes motivation quest and that feel student to engage into education through online learning platform   
6.	Staying Up-To-Date With Modern Tech:
        Every course that were chosen we provides updated tech news and not only in tech field we also provide scientific information.Experiment that makes pupil enthusiastic and makes to feel that they need to know .

Conclusion:  
	Learning is fun, If you Learn in a right way         
   




   
